README.md, before:

# Worldline Connect Extension for Magento 2

Payment extension for accepting Worldline Connect payments on the Magento 2 platform.

## Requirements

To use this extension you need to have a Worldline Connect account. This can be obtained by contacting Worldline on <https://worldline.com/en/home/solutions/online-payments/large-global-businesses.html>.

## Compatibility

This module is compatible with Magento 2.4.5-p1 and PHP ~8.1.

## Installation Instructions

Installation requires [Composer](https://getcomposer.org).

Run the following commands in your development environment:
* `composer require ingenico-epayments/connect-extension-magento2`
* `bin/magento module:enable Worldline_Connect`
* `bin/magento setup:upgrade`
* `npm install --prefix vendor/ingenico-epayments/connect-extension-magento2`

## Configuration

For configuration details please visit <https://docs.connect.worldline-solutions.com/documentation/Plugins/magento-2/Configuration/>.

## Support

In case of questions or problems, you can contact the Worldline support team: <https://worldline.com/en/home/solutions/online-payments/large-global-businesses.html>

## License

Please refer to the included [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file.

## Copyright

(c) 2023 Global Collect Services B.V.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to refer to the rebranded repository

README.md, after:

# Worldline Connect Extension for Magento 2

Payment extension for accepting Worldline Connect payments on the Magento 2 platform.

**This extension has been rebranded to Worldline. As part of the rebranding the extension has moved to https://github.com/Worldline-Global-Collect/connect-sdk-ruby.**

## Requirements

To use this extension you need to have a Worldline Connect account. This can be obtained by contacting Worldline on <https://worldline.com/en/home/solutions/online-payments/large-global-businesses.html>.

## Compatibility

This module is compatible with Magento 2.4.5-p1 and PHP ~8.1.

## Installation Instructions

Installation requires [Composer](https://getcomposer.org).

Run the following commands in your development environment:
* `composer require ingenico-epayments/connect-extension-magento2`
* `bin/magento module:enable Worldline_Connect`
* `bin/magento setup:upgrade`
* `npm install --prefix vendor/ingenico-epayments/connect-extension-magento2`

## Configuration

For configuration details please visit <https://docs.connect.worldline-solutions.com/documentation/Plugins/magento-2/Configuration/>.

## Support

In case of questions or problems, you can contact the Worldline support team: <https://worldline.com/en/home/solutions/online-payments/large-global-businesses.html>

## License

Please refer to the included [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file.

## Copyright

(c) 2023 Global Collect Services B.V.
